In this lecture, we will be testing the
cancel order method on the orderBOimpl
class a cancel order method takes
the order ID and then it calls the DAO
read method to get the order takes the
order updates the status of it to cancelled
and then it sends that order to the
update method on the DAO so it calls
two methods on the DAO which we need to
stub and said that expectations for
we'll go back to our test class will be
adding a
new test method here for the cancel
order so in here lets use the junit test
annotation publicvoid cancel order
underscore should underscore
cancel the order in here the first
thing will be doing is stubbing it out when
DAO.read method is called give it
an order id123. then return new
order we are stubbing out the read to
return a new order object back
DAO.read throws a sequel exception hit ctrl one
on it add throws declaration for the
sequel exception extract this order by
selecting is hitting control one
extracted to local variable let's call it
order instead of value
the second thing we're going to stubout
is the update method when DAO.update
is called this order object which we
have already here dot then return an
integer value of one so we have the
expectations set here now we can call
the BO.cancel order pass-it 123
hit control 1 add a throws class for our
BOexception assign this to a local
variable assign statement to a new local
variable call it a result we can assert
this result assert true
result and also we can verify to
see if the DAO.read 123 is
called and also we can verify
DAO.update order is called we have
stubbed out setup the expectations called
the method under test and then we have
asserted and verified the results let's run it
and see if we have done a good job right
click run as junit test
so everything is green so you have done a great
job of setting the expectation so the
same order which we are reading
we have stubbed when reading we are
using that and we are updating we are
also making sure that that same object
is being used and the update is called
as and also we have asserted that the result
that comes back from cancel order is
true.